when I became a pilot I truly thought
I'd see everything from up there the
wind blows around you smell of the
engine draft propeller I've dreamt of it
since I was a little boy up there you
can let yourself or you can climb turn
spin
freedom
but the best part is chase fights
our task is to bring down aeroplanes not
men
we r sports
North butchers so now you want to win a
war without killing anyone huh when our
boys anymore they're grown man fighting
a bloody war
lieutenant the name is from digital I
know your name the pilots who shot down
he told me you are supreme professional
and a tricky rascal
they'll spot you from a long way off we
completely lose the advantage of
surprise I don't want them to be
surprised
I want them to be scared
it's not a game this is the lowest we
will ever get
you open my eyes you taught me to see
what I didn't want to see
you